F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\bin\Release\Text.exe.config
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\bin\Release\Text.exe
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\bin\Release\Text.pdb
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\App.g.cs
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text_MarkupCompile.cache
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text_MarkupCompile.lref
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.g.resources
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.Properties.Resources.resources
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.exe
F:\aprogramm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Презентации\МИРЭА\ДПО\Программирование на C#\07 работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.pdb
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\bin\Release\Text.exe.config
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\bin\Release\Text.exe
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\bin\Release\Text.pdb
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\App.g.cs
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\MainWindow.baml
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.g.resources
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.exe
c:\aprorgamm\Dropbox\PROGRAMM\Видео\МИРЭА\Промышленное программирование\CSharp\07 - Работа с файлами\Text\Text\obj\Release\Text.pdb
